Respect, sometimes we work so hard to show it, but receive little in return.
The question is, does it really have to be that way at home?
We might need to change habits that we learn growing up, or we may realize that we need
to change our choice of entertainment.
While it may not be easy, it is possible to cultivate the mutual respect we once had.
A helpful principle was stated long ago in the Bible.
Just as you want others to do to you, do the same way to them.
Husbands especially need to feel respected, but wives also need to feel valued, loved,
heard by their husbands.
If we start by doing things that show we honor our mate, we'll create an atmosphere
where respect can grow.
Always remember to consider how your words will affect your mate, whether in public or
even in private.
If you must correct a matter, wait until you're alone.
Use a kind tone and gentle speech.
Even when you disagree, keep showing that you value your mate's opinion.
Think about everything your spouse does, both the big things and the little things.
To take good care of your family, try not to focus on your mate's flaws, command more than
you criticize, and tell your mate every day something specific you appreciate about them.
Peace is the beautiful result when both husband and wife show respect to the person who deserves
it most.
One another.
Here are three questions for you to discuss that can help to build respect in your marriage.
This is simply a chance to openly express how each of you feels.
Be ready to listen and willing to change.
So if it's convenient, pause this video now and really talk.